[ Alex ]
So then what happened?
Well, she didn’t show up to
school the next day, and I heard
that she slept over at his dorm.
No way.
Mm-hmm.
Seriously,
are you surprised?
Do you not know Carly?
Have you seen
what she wears to school?
Girls, let’s cool it
on the gossip, okay?
It’s not right,
and Carly’s got
enough problems.
What do you mean?
Well, her mom can’t get through
a soccer practice without
a thermos of Chardonnay,
and don’t get me started
on the dad.
That guy–
Oh!
[ Tires Screeching ]
Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
[ Girls Screaming ]
Mom!
Oh, this is such
a dangerous intersection!
Did I get lipstick
on my face?
No, you’re fine.
And consider yourself lucky
you didn’t just get, like,
felt up by your mom.
They need to get a stop sign.
What is your obsession
with traffic?
It’s an obsession
with safety.
One of these days, Joe Speeder
is gonna come tearin’ through
here, and somebody’s gonna–
- [ Tires Screech ]
- [ Claire ] Oh, my God!
I’m okay.
Oh! Oh, my God.
I’m okay. Hey, guys.
Phil?
Yeah. No, I’m good.
Gotta keep movin’.
Keep the heart rate up.
Oh. Okay.
How’s my face?
- Still good.
- Okay, good.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Gloria, how many times
do I have to tell you to pull
your car all the way in?
The gate was open
all night.
We live in a nice neighborhood.
What are you afraid of?
That some money’s gonna fly in,
and then your gardener is gonna
have to rake it up?
Jay, I’m going to need you
to cut me a check.
What now?
Drama club trip.
Les Misérables.
We’re selling wrapping paper
to raise money for the tickets.
No, no. Wait, wait.
Slow down. What’s the story
exactly?
Well, Jean Valjean
spent 19 years in prison
for stealing a loaf of bread–
The wrapping paper.
Nineteen years
for a loaf of bread?
How good was this bread?
It wasn’t about the bread.
It was about the society where–
Focus, people!
Manny, we’ll buy
all your wrapping paper.
No, we won’t. No,
he’s got to learn to sell.
This is the best
business training there is.
Hell, the best life training.
Manny, write this down.
A good salesman goes after
Moby-Dick in a rowboat...
and brings the tartar sauce
with him.
[ Manny ]
Jay’s always telling me
to "write this down."
I don’t always catch
everything he says.
"Something, something,
firm handshake."
"Never take the first room
they show you."
I’m not sure who "they" is.
And this one
just says "pancakes."
Cam, what’s this scribbled
on the Vanity Fair
about an adoption agency?
Oh, yeah, they called to say
they wanted to reschedule
our home visit.
When? Why didn’t you tell me?
This is kind of important.
Well, when
does it say?
Uh, who knows?
It disappears
into Jennifer Aniston’s hair.
You gotta get
a better system.
There is nothing wrong
with my system.
Ask me anything about
any upcoming event, and I can
tell you when and where it is.
When is
the adoption agency visit?
Okay. Is that
a 5 or a curl?
Oh, I hope Jen’s
finally found love.
[ Sighs ]
What happened here?
Well, Lily
and I woke up
in a French mood,
so we decided
to whip up
some crepes.
When are you
gonna be in the mood
to wipe up some crepes?
I know, it’s a little messy,
but you know what?
I’m gonna clean it up.
Okay.
- I’m gonna
clean it up.
- Will you?
- Just say what’s on your mind.
- You never clean up.
[ Gasps ]
Save the gasp.
Cam, whenever you get
creative in the kitchen,
I’m the one who ends up
cleaning it up, okay?
The homemade pizza. Fondue.
Molecular gastronomy.
I’m still cleaning shrimp foam
out of the curtains.
Okay, you know what, Mitchell?
Just go to work, okay?
I’m gonna take Lily to school
and then when I get home,
I’m gonna scrub this place
like a crime scene.
[ Door Opens ]
Which it is,
because you’ve murdered joy.
[ Door Closes ]
Hey, buddy.
What’s up?
Hey, Dad. Think fast.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God!
If we had that on tape,
it’d be the greatest
YouTube video ever.
We’d get, like,
a million hits.
This is our double rainbow!
We need to do it again.
Oh, I would, buddy, but, uh,
your mom’s all over me to change
a bunch of lightbulbs.
How many moms does it take
to screw in a lightbulb?
I don’t know.
None.
’Cause they get you
to do it, sucker.
[ Chuckles ]
Ah!
[ Laughs ]
I laughed,
but... it hurt a little.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Alex ]
We’re home.
[ Door Closes ]
[ Phil ]
Us too.
Oh, great.
You’re all here.
What’s up, girl?
Oh.
You know that really
dangerous intersection?
Where desire meets jealousy,
and the result is murder?
Mm-mmm.
The one where I almost
killed you this morning.
Oh, yeah. Sorry.
That was my bad.
I got lost in my jams.
Dangerous combo:
speed walkin’ and Speedwagon.
Oh! I wasn’t even
tryin’ for that.
Nice.
Well, I am getting us
a stop sign.
I called city hall.
And how is this for amazing?
The traffic committee
meets tonight.
I’ve got goose bumps.
I know! Right?
All I have to do
is get 50 signatures,
show up, make my case.
It’s on.
I am so proud of you.
We all are.
Hmm.
[ Haley ]
We love when Mom
gets on a project.
Because usually the minute
any of us walks in the door,
she gives us something to do.
"Do your homework.
Clean your room."
"Put on pants."
Like the queen’s
comin’ over.
Am I right?
So when she’s not around
or gets busy, Luke and I
capitalize on the situation.
There you are,
my good man.
Squire.
Let’s do it.
Whoo!
Get ya some!
Well, I think
it’s awesome.
I’m so glad, because
I could really use your help
getting these signatures.
I’ll do it. Soon as I change
those lightbulbs you wanted.
Great. Kids?
Crud. You know,
I’ve got a ton of homework.
Uh, science project.
Haley?
I need to get started
on my college essay.
You know what?
Maybe I’ll write it
about you.
You’re just
so inspirational.
Girl power.
- You rock.
- Thanks, honey.
I do rock.
[ Barking ]
Stella, down.
[ Barking Continues ]
Stella, no.
This is very dangerous.
Okay, señorita, that’s it.
Come here, because Jay
is gonna be very mad
if something happens to you.
[ Barks ]
Ay, tener que cuidar
perra ahora. Qué belleza.
Go play with the ball!
See you later.
Now I can cook.
Do my empanada.
The gate. Ay, no.
Ay, no. The gate.
The gate!
Stella, come back!
[ Door Closes ]
Hey there, Mr. Salesman.
Can we not talk
about business?
- That bad, huh?
- I gave it everything I got.
Working the dimples,
going big eyes.
It got me two things–
diddly and squat.
- How many houses you hit?
- I don’t know.
It must’ve been
at least three.
Three!
And that’s your idea
of the best you got?
It was very hard on me.
I’m not used to rejection.
Or hills.
Look, you can’t quit
after three houses.
That’s not perseverance.
- What are you sellin’?
- Wrapping paper.
Wrong. You’re
selling Christmas.
The excitement
of opening presents.
The taste of eggnog.
I do love eggnog.
Write this down.
What’s the difference
between "try" and "triumph"?
A little oomph?
A little oomph.
Get it?
Of course I get it.
I just said it.
Eeeh! I’m gonna kill you
when I find you, silly dog!
Why don’t you come back?
Stella!
I have a theory.
Ay, Cam, thank you
for helping me.
Oh, it’s my pleasure.
Stella!
Oh, my God.
What? You see her?
No.
But I see myself in the role
I was born to play.
[ Shouts ]
Stella!
[ Cell Phone Ringing ]
[ Beeps ]
Hello?
Oh, Mitchell,
you are not gonna
believe this.
I’m out helping Gloria
look for her dog.
I’m wearing an undershirt,
and I’m screaming "Stella,"
just like in Streetcar.
Hello?
You didn’t clean
the kitchen!
Mitchell,
I am an inadvertent
Stanley Kowalski.
- How can you not
be delighted by this?
- You promised.
I was called away
for an emergency.
Gloria’s lost her dog,
and she’s heartbroken.
Where are you, dumb dog?
I hope in a big black hole!
I cannot believe that you
did this to me yet again. Oh.
I didn’t do anything.
I cooked a meal
in our kitchen.
Then you left on purpose,
knowing I would not be able to
sit here without cleaning it up.
Life is messy sometimes.
Big deal. It gets cleaned up.
You’re the one with the problem
if you can’t leave a few dirty
dishes for a couple hours.
Okay, okay. Fine, Cam.
I’m not cleaning it up.
Great.
I mean it.
Perfect. You know what?
Why don’t you make it bigger?
You know what?
I will. I-I–
I will–
Okay, you know, get ready,
because you are gonna come home
to a– to a giant mess.
And I will give him
a giant hug
when I get there.
[ Beeps ]
Stella!
Hey, Dad.
Think fast.
Oh! Wow, buddy.
I’m sorry.
I told you, I gotta change
the lightbulbs and then help
your mom with those signatures.
Never mind.
Guess it was
a stupid idea anyways.
I’ve always said that
if my son thinks of me
as one of his idiot friends,
then I’ve succeeded
as a dad.
If he wants to go
the wrong way on the escalator,
I’m on board.
If he wants to go into
a restaurant and pretend
we’re Australian, then–
[ Australian Accent ]
G’day, mate.
Toss a few shrimp on the barbie
for me and my joey.
Yeah, right?
Nicole Kidman?
Men At Work?
Here we go.
Take 12.
- Hey, buddy, I’m home!
- Hey, Dad. Think fast!
Ow!
Wow. You know, my arm’s
starting to hurt a little.
Really?
’Cause my face feels great.
Come on, Dad.
Let’s not turn
on each other.
- We could be here a while.
- Yeah, okay. You’re right.
Here we go.
Take nine–
You’re not even trying.
Daddy, I’m hungry.
What do you want,
honey?
Raisins.
All right.
Well, go get ’em.
It’s too high, Daddy.
I can’t reach.
[ Mitchell ]
For the record,
I am not a neat freak.
In fact,
in my first long-term
relationship,
I was the messy one, which
is why she broke up with me.
Well–
No, thanks.
Okay.
[ Door Closes ]
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Let me show you how it’s done.
Hiya. Jay Pritchett here.
Holidays are just
around the corner.
Sorry. I don’t believe
in wrapping paper.
What do you mean, you don’t
believe in wrapping paper?
It’s not Bigfoot. It exists.
It’s not eco-friendly.
It’s wasteful.
No, not this stuff.
This paper was made from
100% recycled materials.
I don’t think so.
[ Door Closes ]
I can’t understand
what you’re saying.
She’s an ugly little
French Bulldog...
with the tiny ears
and the smooshy face.
What is so hard
to understand?
Maybe I should translate.
I really don’t like people
coming to my door unannounced
while I’m working on my carving.
I understand.
But a stop sign
is really important.
What exactly
are you carving?
Hello, ma’am.
Do you love Christmas?
Actually, I’m Jewish.
Well, then you must
appreciate a good value.
Ah, geez.
If you see her,
let us know.
[ Door Closes ]
Oh, my God.
No, no, no, no!
Are you kidding?
Seriously?
See, you’re not keeping
your head in the right position.
I know that’s me,
but I’m not remembering
any of this.
- Oh! Stupid neighbors.
- What’s wrong?
I can’t ask for
a simple signature,
but it’s fine for them
to build a house...
that looks like
the Beverly Hillbillies
just moved in.
Did you do any better?
We came close
a few times, but–
You’re not talking about
the basketball, are you?
Phil, tell me
you got some signatures.
I have to be at city hall
in, like, two hours.
Oh, God.
Haley, how about you?
I’ve been busy
with my college essay.
- Really? Where is it?
- It’s in a rough, rough
draft right now.
I’ve been thinking that
maybe that I should–
Alex has been Skyping
with her boyfriend
since you left.
That’s so not true!
Thank you, really.
Thank all of you so much
for your help.
[ Clicking ]
[ Whispers ]
Really?
Sometimes those things
need to warm up, like a car.
Phil, don’t even!
I have been out there
trying to do something good
for our community...
because, let me tell you,
change doesn’t just happen.
It is forged
by empowered women...
like me and Norma Rae and
the lady from The Blind Side.
You know what
the difference is
between me and her?
Blind Side’s family
had her back.
Okay.
[ Clears Throat ]
Huddle up, everybody.
Your mother’s right.
She’s the quarterback of this
family, and we need to protect
her like Blind Side did.
She just said the mom
was Blind Side.
Well, she’s confused.
Blind Side was the black kid
who played tight end.
Offensive line.
Sorry.
African-American kid.
[ Gasps ]
There she is!
Oh!
¡Ay! Stella!
Ay. Thank God
you found my dog.
Thank you!
This is my dog.
Her name’s Pinky.
No, it’s not.
Her name is Stella. It says
right here on the tag. Look.
Uh, excuse me.
Hi, sweetie.
What’s your name?
Blanche.
Shut up.
Mitchell would die.
Listen, we don’t know you.
You seem like a very sweet
little girl.
Right now we’re forced to–
I can’t believe I’m
saying this to you–
rely on the kindness
of strangers.
I’ll sell her to you
for $200.
That’s it.
Give me my dog!
[ Screams ]
Really? The little girl
thinks because
she can scream,
she can get away
with everything?
I can scream too.
[ Screams ]
- [ Screams ]
- [ All Screaming ]
[ Screams ]
[ High-pitched Scream ]
What the hell sound
is that?
Coyotes must’ve
got a cat.
Jay, can we stop now?
I’m getting hungry.
You know what the problem is?
You’re not hungry.
I had a carrot at 3:00.
What if you couldn’t
feed your family unless
you made this next sale?
What if you were gonna
lose your house?
I know I was
pushing the kid hard,
but here’s the thing.
I’m an older dad.
I’m not gonna be around
forever.
And I’ll sleep better
knowin’ he’s got somethin’
to fall back on.
Come on,
let’s hit another one.
I can’t do it.
What?
I don’t have
what it takes.
What kind of talk is that?
It’s the truth, Jay.
I’m not a great salesman.
I’m not a great businessman.
I’m not you.
Do you know what it’s like
to see all the amazing things
you’ve accomplished,
knowing I never will?
How am I supposed
to live up to you?
How is anyone?
Ah, so the fish
weren’t biting today.
So what? That’s life.
You tried hard,
and that’s what matters.
Yeah.
You know, I– I actually
need some wrapping paper.
Do you know where
I can find some?
You don’t have to do that.
I want to do it.
You’ll never go broke
playing to a rich guy’s ego.
Write that down.
Okay. Thank you so much,
you guys.
Make a wish.
Uh, hi. Oh, sorry.
Um, I’m here for
the traffic committee meeting.
The meeting’s
been adjourned.
Yeah, um–
It’s my birthday.
I’m sorry.
Happy birthday.
I– Just someone sent me
to the wrong room, and you guys
don’t meet again for months,
and this is pretty much
a matter of life and death, so–
Uh– Yes. Fine.
Uh, just–
If you could make it quick.
This is an ice cream cake.
Okay.
Actually, it’s not.
What?
No.
Really?
Oh, then we’re not
in a rush, I guess, at all.
No rush. Go ahead.
Great.
My name is Claire Dunphy,
and my family and I live
near that intersection–
Why not? Why not?
The freezer was broken,
and we couldn’t keep it here.
[ Whispering ]
See, this is why I ask you
to think ahead, okay?
Do you have
your 50 signatures?
Uh, almost. I have 34.
But I–
Oh.
That’s the same thing.
- Wow, I’m confused.
- It’s not the same thing.
No. Thirty-four is not
the same thing as 50,
just like a cake
is not the same thing
as an ice cream cake.
Right. I get that.
Sir, I’m trying to
save lives here.
Mom! Mom, Mom!
And I can get you the rest
of those signatures–
Oh, my God.
What are you doing
here? Girls–
We went door-to-door,
and we got you
20 more signatures.
That’s so sweet of you.
Well, you were
freaking out at us, so–
Okay.
You know,
let’s not ruin it.
All right.
Fifty-four signatures.
So, what do you say?
Let’s start saving lives
one intersection at a time.
Okay. Thank you very much.
We will, uh, take these
under advisement.
- Just leave them here,
and thank you.
- Wait a minute!
- I know what that means.
- Oh, here we go.
That’s Washington-speak
for "Get lost."
Well, um– Wow, Phil.
What are you doing here?
I’m your husband.
I’m blindsiding you.
Uh–
Your Honor,
permission to approach.
Not a judge.
I’ll allow it.
I’ll get straight to the point,
because this is important,
and that appears to be
an ice cream cake.
Well, it’s not!
Okay. I present to you
"Stop in the Name of Life."
Kick it!
Clive Bixby.
Can I meet you at Harry’s Bar
in two minutes?
Baby, I can do anything
in two minutes.
Ooh.
[ Laughs ]
Oh.
I’ll just speed
through the intersection
at Greenleaf and Bristol.
It’s easy,
’cause there’s no stop sign.
♪♪ [ Whistling ]
I love being a kid.
I have my whole life
ahead of me.
♪♪ [ Whistling ]
- Nooooo!
THE MADNESS
[ Softly ]
Okay.
[ Normal Voice ]
Well–
Powerful.
[ Claire ]
And unconventional.
But I believe
it makes our point.
So, what do you say?
Well, the kid
was all right.
I didn’t care for you
so much.
But if I were to give
a stop sign to everybody
who wanted a stop sign,
- this city would grind
to a halt.
- I understand, sir, but–
- Thank you. Good-bye.
- [ Phil ]
Allow me. Allow me!
Ladies and gentlemen,
I’ve lived with this woman
for 20 years.
- Mm-hmm.
- If she wants a stop sign,
there’s gonna be a stop sign.
Mm-hmm.
He’s right.
Listen to the man.
Yeah.
It’s deli–
No good? ¿No bueno?
I’m home!
Oh, hey.
Did you find Stella?
Safe and sound.
Mmm.
Oh! Hey!
I did it. I left the mess.
Aren’t you proud of me?
I sure am.
Good for you.
It wasn’t easy at first,
but I just took Lily
to the park,
and I completely put it
out of my mind.
[ Chortles ]
And I think I really
cleared a hurdle today.
Oh, that’s great.
I’m super proud of you.
And you’re not even tempted
to clean it up now?
No!
That’s great.
Not now that you’re home.
- So, guess I better
get started.
- Yeah.
[ Dishes Clattering ]
[ Quiet Whimpering ]
I don’t like this.
It’s so gross.
Oh, my God.
What?
I was right.
- You wanted me to clean it up.
- Oh, that’s preposterous.
I will not stand here
and take this from you.
Oh, Cam!
"Life is messy.
I love chaos."
You are so full of it.
Well, you know what?
[ Gasps ]
That’s all right. No worries.
Hey, come on, come on.
Just embrace it.
It’s life.
Oh, okay. Now,
that is gratuitous.
That’s Lily’s
favorite cereal.
Oh, it’s okay. No!
Relax. Hey, Lily.
Honey, come here.
Sweetheart, do you want
a princess hat?
Yes, yes, yes!
Okay.
Okay, that–
that is enough! No!
You’ve proven your point!
I don’t like to clean up.
It’s smelly, it’s sticky,
and after I eat, I’m tired,
I just want to lay down.
And you put it off,
knowing that I would do it.
Yes! Are you happy?
Yes... I... am.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Hi. I’m Ellen Roberts
from the adoption agency.
I’m... here
for the home visit.
Oh!
I might need
to tweak my system.
Hey, Dad. Think fast!
Sacagawea!
Wait, wait.
I need a break.
[ Groans ]
John Philip Sousa!
Oh, my God.
Seventy-eight views.
We are on our way.
Yeah, we are.
You know what, Lukey?
My dad was away a lot, and I’m
not gonna do that to you.
I’m gonna be the kind of dad–
How many more of these
do you want to do?